PRT base:
	Wards that have a variety of effects (damage, skipping turns, screwing with environment), drones that zap low-hp targets?
	
	x2 Guard Drone, Drone, Device, 5 HP. "At the end of the environment turn, this card deals 1 energy damage to all non-environment targets with 2 or less HP"
	x2 Prison Drone, Drone, Device, 6 HP. "Whenever a non-environment target deals 4 or more damage in one attack, this card deals that target 4 lightning damage"
	(4 drones)
	
	x1 Kid Win, Parahuman, 5 HP. "At the end of the environment turn, all Devices regain 2 HP. At the end of the environment turn, this card deals 1 energy damage to the non-environment target with the highest HP."
	x1 Clockblocker, Parahuman, 6 HP. "At the start of the environment turn, select the hero with the lowest HP. Until the next environment turn, that hero cannot draw cards, cannot deal damage, cannot use powers, cannot be damaged, and does not have a turn. If that hero is the only hero that is not incapacitated, the heroes lose the game."
	x1 Vista, Parahuman, 5 HP. "Reduce damage dealt to environment cards by 1. Increase damage dealt by environment cards by 1"
	x1 Aegis, Parahuman, 20 HP. "At the end of the environment turn, this card deals 3 melee damage to the non-environment target with the second highest HP"
	x1 Gallant, Parahuman, 5 HP. "Heros dealt damage by this card cannot use powers until the start of the environment turn. At the end of the environment turn, this card deals 2 projectile damage to the two non-environment targets with the most HP."
	x1 Shadow Stalker, Parahuman, 6 HP. "Reduce damage dealt to this card by 1. At the end of the environment turn, this card deals 2 projectile damage to the non-environment target with the lowest HP."
	(6 parahumans)
	
	x1 Base Alarm, "At the start of the environment turn, reveal cards from the top of the Environment deck until you reveal a Parahuman. Put the Parahuman into play and shuffle the other cards back into the environment deck. At the start of a hero turn, that hero may skip the rest of their turn to destroy this card."
	x1 Base Forcefield, Device, 16 HP, "Whenever an instance of damage is dealt to more than one target, reduce that damage by 1. "
	x3 PRT Containment Agents, 8 HP. "Whenever a hero is dealt damage by this card, that hero discards a card. At the end of the environment turn, this card deals the non-environment target with the lowest HP 1 projectile damage"