Leviathan (villain):
	Is a giant pile of bullshit.
	
	"Citykiller" 100 HP
	nemesis dauntless
	SETUP:
		Put Leviathan into play "Citykiller" side up. Search Leviathan's deck for Water Shadow and put it into play.
		
	GAMEPLAY:
		When flipped to this side, destroy H hero cards
		
		At the end of the villain turn, Leviathan deals 2 melee damage to all hero targets.
		At the end of the villain turn, if Leviathan has been dealt H damage in one instance last round, flip Leviathan

	ADVANCED:
		Reduce damage dealt to Leviathan by 1
		
	"Citykiller Retaliates" 100 HP
	GAMEPLAY:
		At the start of the villain turn, flip Leviathan
		
		Reduce damage dealt to Leviathan by 1
		
	ADVANCED:
		Whenever Leviathan would flip, play the top card of the villain deck
	
	x1 Water Shadow: Ongoing. "Whenever Leviathan would deal damage to a target, this card deals that target 2 irreducible melee damage. This card is indestructible."
	
	x3 Tidal Wave: One-Shot. "Destroy all environment targets. Leviathan deals X cold damage to all non-villain targets, where X = 1 + the number of cards destroyed in this way"
	x2 Torrential Downpour: Ongoing. "At the start of each hero turn, Leviathan deals that hero 1 cold damage"
	
	x2 Lose the War: Ongoing. "If the environment deck is ever empty, the heroes lose the game. At the end of the villain turn, remove the top card of the environment deck from the game"
	x2 Faster Than You'd Think: Ongoing. "The first time Leviathan would be dealt damage each round, prevent that damage"
	(10 cards)
	
	x3 Anyone Can Die: One-Shot. "Leviathan deals the hero target with the highest HP 5 irreducible melee damage"
	x2 Impossible Strength: Ongoing. "Increase damage dealt by villain cards by 1"
	
	x3 Cunning: One-Shot. "Play the top 2 cards of the villain deck"
	x2 Whipping Tail: One-Shot. "Leviathan deals 1 melee damage to the 2 hero targets with the lowest HP"
	
	x3 Guile: One-Shot. "Flip Leviathan. Play the top card of the villain deck"
	x2 Impossibly Tough: Ongoing. "Reduce damage dealt to Leviathan by 1"