Lung (Villain)
	Does fire and melee damage, has armour, regains HP, all based on trash count. If he runs out of cards, instead of reshuffling deck, flips to a really nasty side that doesn't play villain cards, just fucks you up. Some ongoing/equipment destruction, but not much.
	
	Villain.
	Front side:
		Gang Leader. 90 HP.
		Nemesis: Skitter
		SETUP: At the start of the game Lung enters play Gang Leader side up.
		GAMEPLAY:
			When the villain trash is shuffled into the villain deck, Lung flips.
			
			If there are 10 or more cards in the villain trash, reduce damage dealt to Lung by 1.
			
			At the end of the villain turn:
				- Play the top card of the villain deck then,
				- Lung deals X melee damage to all hero targets, where X = 1 + the number of cards in the villain trash / 5 then,
				- If there are 5 or more cards in the villain trash, Lung regains 1 HP then,
				- If there are 15 or more cards in the villain trash, Lung regains 1 HP.
				
		ADVANCED:
			At the end of the villain turn, discard the top 3 cards of the villain deck.

	Back side:
		Dragon Awoken. 90 HP.
		Nemesis: Skitter
		GAMEPLAY:
			When flipped to this side, destroy all villain cards in play and put all cards in the villain deck into the villain trash.
			
			Villain cards cannot be played.
			
			Reduce damage dealt to Lung by 2.
			
			Lung is immune to damage dealt by Environment cards.
			
			At the end of the villain turn:
				- Lung deals 6 melee and 2 irreducible fire damage to all hero targets then,
				- Lung regains 3 HP then,
				- Destroy H hero ongoing or equipment cards.
			
		ADVANCED:
			When flipped to this side, the heroes lose the game.
		
	x4 Burst of Flame: One-shot. "Lung deals the hero target with the highest HP X fire damage, where X = 1 + the number of cards in the villain trash / 2"
	x2 Growing Anger: One-shot. "Discard the top 3 cards of the villain deck. Play the top card of the villain deck."
	x4 Smash: One-shot. "Lung deals the hero target with the lowest HP 2 melee damage. Destroy 1 hero ongoing or equipment card."
	(10 one-shot)
	
	x1 Bakuda: 6 HP. "At the start of the villain turn, reveal the top card of the villain deck. If it is a one-shot, Bakuda deals 5 fire damage to all non-villain targets. If it is an ongoing, each hero discards 1 card. If it is a target, the hero with the most cards in play destroys all of them."
	x1 Oni Lee: 3 HP. "At the end of the villain turn, Oni Lee deals the hero target with the lowest HP 3 melee damage. Whenever Oni Lee would take damage, reveal the top card of the villain deck. If it is a one-shot prevent the damage. Shuffle the revealed card back into the villain deck."
	x3 ABB Thugs: 4 HP. "At the end of the villain turn, ABB Thugs deal the hero target with the lowest HP 2 projectile damage."
	(5 targets)
		
	x2 Wings: Ongoing. "Lung is immune to damage from Environment cards."
	x3 Terrible Burns: Ongoing. "Whenever a hero is dealt fire damage by Lung, destroy 1 hero ongoing or equipment card. At the end of the villain turn, Lung deals the hero target with the highest HP H - 2 fire damage."
	x3 Pyrokinesis: Ongoing. "Whenever Lung deals melee damage to a target, Lung deals 2 fire damage to that target."
	x2 White-Hot Flame: Ongoing. "Fire damage dealt by Lung is irreducible."
	(10 ongoing)