Basic idea: It's a token deck. Has a card it places tokens on, like Kaagra Warfang. The token-card can take damage; it loses tokens equivalent to damage dealt. Win condition is reducing tokens to zero, lose condition is too many tokens. Gain tokens continually, cards do stuff with the number of tokens present - more damage, whatever.

Main villain Skidmark. Have Squealer/Mush/Scrub as cards in his deck. Power difficult to represent; kind of a shaker thing, so either a mass effect or something affecting the environment? Pushing things in a particular direction? Armour.

Main villain: Skidmark
	"Superpowered Drug Dealer"
	SETUP
		Place Skidmark in play, "Superpowered Drug Dealer" side up. Place the Merchant Influence card into play. Put 3*H tokens on it.
		
	GAMEPLAY
		If there are ever 0 tokens on the Merchant Influence card, the heroes win the game.
		If there are ever more than 5 * H tokens on the Merchant Influence card, the heroes lose the game.
		
		At the start of the villain turn, add H - 1 tokens to the Merchant Influence card.
		
		All villain targets take 1 less damage.
		
		When this target is destroyed, flip it instead
		
	ADVANCED
		?
		
	"Defeated Drug Dealer"
	GAMEPLAY
		If there are ever 0 tokens on the Merchant Influence card, the heroes win the game.
		If there are ever more than 5 * H tokens on the Merchant Influence card, the heroes lose the game.
		
		At the start of the villain turn, add 1 token to the Merchant Influence card.
		
	ADVANCED
		?
		
Merchant Influence:
	This card is indestructable. This card is immune to environmental damage.
	
	This card is a target, with 1 HP. Whenever this card would take damage, prevent the damage and remove X tokens, where X is the amount of damage it would have taken.
	
	x3 Festival of Blood, Ongoing. "All villain targets do 1 more damage"
	x3 Festival of Excess, Ongoing. "All villain targets take 1 less damage"
	x3 Festival of Love, Ongoing. "At the start of the villain turn, add H - 2 tokens to the Merchant Influence card"
	(9 ongoing)
	
	x1 Squealer, Parahuman, 8 HP. "Ignore villain targets when determining targeting for damage from environmental cards. At the start of the villain turn, play the top card in the environment deck."
	x1 Mush, Parahuman. 10 HP. "This card is immune to melee and projectile damage. At the end of the villain turn, Mush deals 1 melee damage to all hero targets."
	x1 Scrub, Parahuman, 6 HP. "At the end of the villain turn, Scrub deals 5 energy damage to all targets (except himself) with a HP evenly divisible by 3."
	x1 Helicopter, Device, 16 HP. "Skidmark is immune to melee damage. At the end of the villain turn, add 1 token to the Merchant Influence card."
	(4 targets)
	
	x2 The Scum of Society, Ongoing. "Whenever a non-hero target is destroyed, add 1 token to the Merchant Influence card."
	x2 Not Exactly Sanitary, Ongoing. "Whenever a villain target deals non-toxic damage to another target, the villain target deals 1 toxic damage to that target."
	x2 A Wall of Bodies, Ongoing. "Reduce damage dealt to villain targets other than the Merchant Influence card by 1 for every H tokens on the Merchant Influence card."
	(6 ongoing)
	
	x4 Riot, One-Shot. "Merchant Influence deals X melee damage to all hero targets, where X = the number of tokens on the Merchant Influence card / H (round up)"
	x2 The Animal Beneath, One-Shot. "Merchant Influence deals H psychic damage to the hero target with the highest HP" 
	(6 one-shot)
	