Plays indestructible but weak cards that slowly build him up?
Plays equipment and then plays improvements to that equipment?

Power: Arclance: Deal X energy damage to a target, where X = 1 + the number of Charge cards next to Dauntless / 2 (round down)

x4 Charge: Ongoing, Charge. "When you play this card, either place it next to Dauntless or next to a Relic. This card is indestructible."
x1 Arcshield: Relic, Equipment. "This card is indestructible. Power: Until the end of your next turn, reduce damage dealt to Dauntless by X, where X = 1 + the number of Charge cards next to this card / 2 (round down)"
x1 Arcstep: Relic, Equipment. "This card is indestructible. Power: Draw X cards, where X = 1 + the number of Charge cards next to this card / 2 (round down)"
x4 To Me!: One-Shot. "Search your deck for a Relic and put it into play. Draw a card. Play a card."
x4 Outfitting: One-Shot. "Select a hero. That hero reveals cards from the top of their deck until they reveal an Equipment card. They may put that card into play or into their hand"
(14)


x3 Plasma Core, Ongoing, Charge. "When you play this card, either place it next to Dauntless or next to a Relic, but only if they do not already have a card with the same name next to them. If next to Dauntless, his Arclance does irreducible damage. If next to the Arcshield, whenever a non-hero target deal damage to Dauntless and it is reduced by the Arcshield's power, Dauntless deals that target 1 energy damage. If next to the Arcstep, Dauntless regains 1 HP whenever he uses the Arcstep's power"
x3 Matter to Energy, Ongoing, Charge. "When you play this card, either place it next to Dauntless or next to a Relic, but only if they do not already have a card with the same name next to them. . If next to Dauntless, you may choose what damage type his Arclance does when it is used. If next to the Arcshield, when its power is used, pick an energy type. Until the end of your next turn, reduce all damage of that type by 1. If next to the Arcstep, when its power is used, Dauntless deals up to 3 targets 1 energy damage"
(6)

x4 Resolve, One-Shot. "Reveal cards from the top of your trash until you reveal a Charge card. You may put it into play or into your hand"
x4 Heroic Image, Ongoing, "Whenever Dauntless would be dealt exactly 1 damage, prevent that damage. Whenever one of Dauntless' cards would be destroyed, Dauntless may destroy this card instead"
x2 Carry the Charge, Ongoing, Limited. "Whenever Dauntless is dealt energy damage, he may play a card"
(10)

x3 Glorious Stand, Ongoing. "Whenever a hero target would be damaged, redirect the damage to Dauntless. At the start of your turn, destroy this card"
x3 Crackling Corona, Ongoing. "Whenever a non-hero target causes a hero to discard cards, Dauntless may destroy this card to prevent that hero discarding any cards"
x4 Your Opponent Is Me, One-Shot. "Dauntless deals 2 energy damage to up to 2 targets. Until the start of your next turn, whenever those targets would deal damage, redirect that damage to Dauntless"
(10)