Regent
	28 HP
		Power: Control: Regent deals 1 target 2 psychic damage.
		Back: * 1 target deals itself 1 psychic damage. * Destroy 1 environment card. * Select a target. Reduce damage dealt by that target by 1 until the start of your next turn.
	
	x3 Backlash: One-shot. "You may use Regent's 'Control' power twice this turn."
	x4 Gut-zap: One-shot. "Regent deals 1 target 2 psychic damage. The target dealt damage in this way cannot deal damage until the start of your next turn."
	x4 Seize: One-shot. "Destroy a target with 4 or less HP. If you do, Regent may deal a target 3 projectile damage."
	x4 Zap: One-shot. "Regent deals 1 target 4 psychic damage. Destroy up to 2 ongoing cards."
	x2 Drop That: One-shot. "Regent deals 1 target 2 psychic damage. Reveal the top card of the villain deck. You may choose to discard that card or return it to the top of the villain deck."
	x4 A Life Of Leisure: One-shot. "Draw 5 cards. Immediately end your turn."
	(21 one-shot)
	
	x3 Scepter-Taser: Equipment, Limited. "After Regent uses his 'Control' power on a target, Regent deals that target 1 lightning damage"
	x3 Crown: Equipment, Limited. "Reduce melee and projectile damage dealt to Regent by 1."
	(6 equipment)
	
	x3 Growing Control: Ongoing, Limited. "After Regent uses his 'Control' power on a target, place a token next to that target. Increase the damage Regent deals with his 'Control' power by 1 when the target has a token next to them. When this card is destroyed, remove all tokens that have been placed in this way."
	x3 My Little Army: Ongoing, Limited. "Whenever Regent destroys a target, other than a character card, you may put it under this card. At the start of Regent's turn, this card deals X projectile damage to a target, where X = the number of cards under this card."
	x3 Reactive Zap: Ongoing. "Play this card next to a non-hero target. Once a turn, when that target would deal damage, Regent may use a power."
	x3 Over Here: Ongoing. "Whenever a hero target would be dealt damage by a villain card, you may redirect that damage to another hero target."
	x1 Mine: Ongoing. "Play this card next to a non-hero target other than a character card. Whenever that target deals damage, you may redirect that damage to another target. You may prevent any effects caused by the target next to this card."
	(13 ongoing)