Tattletale
	26 HP.
		Power: Insight: 1 player draws 2 cards, then discards 1 card.
		Back: * 1 player draws 1 card. * 1 player plays 1 card. * Destroy 1 ongoing card."

	x3 Information Overload: One-shot. "Tattletale may use any number of powers this turn. Increase psychic damage dealt to Tattletale by 1 this turn."
	x3 It's Always in the First Place I Look: One-shot. "Each player may search their deck for 1 card and put it into their hand. If they search their deck, shuffle their deck."
	x4 The Reason You Suck: One-shot. "Tattletale deals 1 target 4 psychic damage."
	x4 Out of Commission: One-shot. "Tattletale regains 5 HP. Immediately end your turn."
	(14 one-shots)
	
	x2 Domino Mask: Equipment, Limited. "Reduce psychic damage dealt to Tattletale by 1."
	(2 equipment)
	
	x3 Constant Smile: Ongoing, Limited. "At the start of your turn, Tattletale deals each non-hero target 1 psychic damage."
	x3 Confidence: Ongoing, Limited. "At the start of your turn, each hero regains 1 HP."
	x2 Follows All the Threads: Ongoing, Limited. "Play with the top card of all decks face-up. At the start of your turn, Tattletale deals herself 1 psychic damage. Power: Destroy this card."
	x2 Quick Insight: Ongoing, Limited. "Whenever a target enters play, Tattletale may reveal the bottom card of a deck, then either put it on the top of the bottom of that deck. If you do, Tattletale deals herself 1 psychic damage."
	x3 Reading: Ongoing. "Power: Reveal the top 3 cards of a deck. Put 1 on the top and 2 on the bottom. Tattletale deals herself 1 psychic damage."
	x3 My Eye On You: Ongoing. "Power: 1 hero target regains 2 HP. Tattletale deals herself 1 psychic damage."
	x3 Need some Help?: Ongoing. "Power: Tattletale deals herself up to 5 psychic damage. 1 player draws X cards, where X = the amount of psychic damage Tattletale dealt herself in this way."
	x2 Taking a Risk: Ongoing. "Power: Play the top card of a deck."
	x3 Spot the Flaw: Ongoing. "When this card enters play, Tattletale deals herself 2 psychic damage. Damage dealt by hero targets is irreducible. At the start of your turn, destroy this card."
	(24 ongoing)
	
	(40 cards)